it would not actually have the personal side
It's okay, the one who talks to you is nilton.
days we will be doing the process of
application of our head mask
our red mask on this hair
Let's be washing with shampoo.
anti-waste to clean it
deep into the night apply applying
I had colored my hair and asked for it
mecha a mecha very well went well
thiago hair
hair absorb 100 percent
product but we'll rinse already
you are seeing the result of our
butterfly head mask
now the hair is finished
It looks like this was beautiful hair and
homes and liked the result
this is the result of our brand head
control of success looks at the
hair shine
Look at the treatment of this hair hair
super fine targeted very fantastic
result
ball show another step by step to
You hit people, thanks.